Beautiful.
Okay, so I have my remote Git set up, but
now we got this call productions down,
there is a change you need to make,
or there is a change you need to pull in,
from our upstream.
So, we're going to attempt to
pull it in with an active change.
So let's start there.
So do a git pull with the, right here.
Get pulled Wait a second by miss
one thing that it should say,
hey, you don't do that.
I think it's probably because I
have rebase automatically on, so
I think I accidentally had my little
change in where I had rebased true, so
I was causing a bit of a,
you cannot pull with rebase.
So, oops daisies, right?
And so since I have an active change,
it's not letting me do those changes,
so whenever you try to pull and
you have active changes,
it's gonna tell you, you can't do this.
So we need to be able to stash.
So we'll just go, we'll just go like this.
We'll do another one of those
echo upstream change into here,
git add this, git commit upstream change.
There we go.
We have the upstream change in hello.
Now we go to the remote and we can go
echo downstream change into the read me.
So now we have something in the read me,
and
we have a change we
need to get from hello.
What are we going to do now?
We are gonna use stash, right?
So this is what you do at this point.
You'd wanna stash any of your changes
to prevent any errors from happening.
And then you're gonna want to
be able to get the changes and
you're gonna wanna be able to on stash,
right?
So this is typically what
you're gonna want to do.
So, right now before we do anything,
let's stash our changes.
So you can experiment by going
git stash And then go git sets.
Your changes are gone, right?
Don't pull yet don't pull.
You can view your stash list.
This is a good kind of activity to get
into viewing your stash list because
it's really nice to know
that you can even do that.
So again, Git stash lists So
if you ever get into this, you will know.
So we have this work in progress
that we've stored right here at this
point in time.
You can see, okay, it was at this commit.
Not very informative though, right?
When you look at this, you don't really
know what your stash changes are or
anything.
So we can go git stash show,
little bit nicer to see okay,
this is the one where I made a change
to README, so a little bit nicer.
Let's pop our stashes this time.
And when we pop it, I wanna see
that it's now made that change.
Git stash pop, there we go.
Our change is back, it's right here.
All right.
Now let's stash our changes again, but
this time let's use a custom message.
So go.
Git stash with a message.
Read me changes.
There we go.
We did a stash again, but
this time with a custom message.
Now do git stash list.
Now look at that.
Isn't that a lot nicer to do
when you have a nice message.
The reality is sometimes you
will have a couple stashes and
you're not going to remember
what's in these stashes.
And so just having a nice little friendly
message to yourself can just- it'll just
save a lot of headaches rather than trying
to go through, get all the diffs and
looking at each different one and
then realizing, gosh,
there's the one I'm looking for.
So now let's create another change and
we'll stash that so
we have two in the list.
Let's go another one.
I'll just go.
Go bam readme and
I'll just add another line.
There we go.
DeVore echo by the way, and
then I'll go git stash.
Another change.
So now I want to go git stash list.
I'll actually see two changes.
I have another change on top,
and the readme changes on bottom.
So the readme changes is
the first set of changes we did.
Another change is Is the second
set of changes we did.
But notice it's on top.
It's the first one.
So let's pull in our upstream changes now.
So I'm gonna go git pull.
There we go.
I have this beautiful upstream change.
Now let's get our original change back,
the first stash we did.
Does anyone remember how you're
gonna get the first stash out?
Not the second not the one we just added.
But the first one is the index.
Path index.
There you go.
So what you should be doing is going git
stash well first you can go git stash list
make sure okay, I need to pull
out the first one right here.
I can go git stash pop index one.
And now we have that proper change.
We We don't have the Dvorak one,
we have the downstream change.
So working with stash, pretty easy to use.
Now we have this beautiful change on top.
Awesome.
And if we want to, we can even commit it
if we want to, but stage is not changed.
There we go.
It looks like even in here, I commit it so
we will commit it with the exact same.
Beautiful message that I have right here,
let's see if that's coming from
terminal git add greatest change.
Fantastic.
There we go.
So commit that into your code.
That means your readme should
approximately look like that.
I have a little space in here.
It's not there's no
space In my example one,
it's because my first commit contained
that, it's that one right there.
See, look at that.
I added a space, but in all my examples,
I didn't have the space.
Very painful for me to see this,
that I can't believe I did that.
By the way, if you don't know I
don't cover it in this course but
dash s will search like your commit
message or search to commit change so
you can look for changes that way.
Very, very fantastic.
So I knew where to find it.
So I found it right away.
Pretty neat stuff,
just in case you're wondering.
Alright, so we're trees.
We're going to talk about.
This a little bit I believe, I'm not sure,
yeah, we're not talking about right now
but we're gonna talk about a little bit
the thing that makes worktree so cool is
that a worktree is a another copy of your
repo without all the weight of a repo.
So if it takes you five minutes to
download your, to clone out a repo,
you can build a worktree effectively just
as fast as you can build up The branch.
They're very, very lightweight and
they're fantastic.
So you can see why that could be
a very nice alternative to stash.
All right, so
we're gonna do more rebasing.
This will be the longest section here and
it's gonna have all the conflicts and
everything and we're gonna go over it.
It's going to take a little bit.
So anyways, rebasing, you can do things
like this, where we start off here, right?
E is branching off of A.
This picture makes it looks
like it's branching off of B.
I'm not sure which one I chose to
have it actually branch off of.
It doesn't really matter.
It branches off in the days of history,
way back then.
And if you do a rebase you can make it so
that it goes all the way to the front,
right?
We all remember this.
What are the steps that happen?
Step one, we check out the branch
we're rebasing on step two.
We play our commits one at
a time at the tip of the branch.
We are rebasing on three we update the
branch we were on with the new position
and the new commit.
That's why it all.
Alters histories because remember, it's
actually creating a new set of commits.
'cause remember a commit,
it also contains time.
So that's why you get new
commits when you rebase.
All everyone's good.
Everyone's good on that one.
Awesome.
All right.
So first let's do a little bit of
interactive rebasing and squashing.
So this part.
Is where you'll do this pretty
much on your own branches,
never on the public one.
Interactive rebasing and
squashing allows you to take, say,
this branch right here and
turn it into this,
where it's a singular commit
as opposed to three commits.
So that means while you're working,
you can make all the commits you
want every single checkpoint.
And then when you're done,
you Can take all those commits and
turn it into one commit yourself.
Now a lot of people do it to where they
have the remote like say GitHub will do
an automatic squash merge for you.
It will first take all of your
commits squashed into one and
then merge it onto GitHub.
That's a pretty common strategy that I've
seen, I know we do it with stash and
stuff like that at Netflix.
So I think most People probably
have some very similar experience.
When you do interactive rebasing,
it also allows you to edit the message.
So that way what I typically do is
I'll do each one of my commits and
I'll start with squash me.
So I can just look in the history and
go okay, where did I start?
Okay, I started right here.
rebase from right there, and then it's
very easy that I interacted Given
that I can just erase all the messages and
give it a nice proper message,
as opposed to a bunch of squash teammates,
right?
And so we're going to create a, we're
gonna create some situations where we can
interactively squash our commits,
and get some good messaging.
There's a lot of ground to cover here.
We're gonna go over conflicts as conflicts
are a very important part of this.
If for whatever reason I've done steps
out of order and we're unable to create
the conflict as easily we might have to
add some extra commits because that's
part of the fun is that we didn't
do it right the first try so
be very careful where we make changes
because from here on out we're going to be
trying to make conflicts and
we all want to be on the same page so
the first it is by the way
conflicts are The most ready topic.
I hate them.
I don't know why.
I have an unreasonable amount of
anxiety every time I pull a gloomy, and
there's going to be a conflict and
even though I know there's not,
I still just feel like I'm
going to have a freak out.
I don't know why it is.
It just is that experience.
Yeah, I hate them.
You hate them.
But it's good to know how to resolve them.
Please, by the way.
Don't use VS code don't use
fugitive it with Git or with Vim.
Don't use any of those for this.
Let's just manually edit the diffs.
You want to see why they're doing this,
to me very important,
specially with your knowledge of rebase.
Why conflicts can be goofy
with rebase versus merge?
We're gonna go through it all but
if you're not using the hand at it,
you're just Using a program,
you may miss some of these subtle changes.